Specified all LAN-LAN pre-pairing interaction (#77)
flexiblepower/s2-documentation: website/s2-connect/discovery-pairing-authentication.md

| `F`  | SHA256 fingerprint of the TLS server certificate of the HTTP server |
| `\|\|` | Concatenation |

## Getting endpoint information

> This section is only applicable for LAN-LAN pairing

> Once a LAN endpoint has discovered a LAN pairing endpoint (through DNS-SD or by the end user manually entering the URL), it still knows very little about the endpoint. There are two REST operations that allow an HTTPS client to query information of a server endpoint: performing a GET on `/endpoint` and performing a GET on `/nodes`.

Reviewer: Let's consistently use HTTP instead of HTTPS. The rest of the specification uses HTTP, which is fine.

Reviewer: Also apply to the remainder of this section

These operations **must** be implemented by LAN deployed endpoints, but **must not** be implemented by WAN deployed endpoints. These operations can be used in the situation where the initiator node is the HTTPS client and the responder node is het HTTPS server (for the situation where it is the other way around see [Long-polling](#long-polling)).

Before the HTTPS client can start interaction with the server, it must first select a version of the API to use. See [Selecting the version of the pairing or connection initiation API](#selecting-the-version-of-the-pairing-or-connection-initiation-api). For full normative details see the OpenAPI specification files.

> * The client can perform a HTTPS GET request on the path `/endpoint` to receive the endpoint details of the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The client can perform an HTTPS GET request on the path `/endpoint` to receive the remote endpoint details.
```

> * The client can perform a HTTPS GET request on the path `/nodes` to receive a list of node details for all the nodes represented by the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The client can perform an HTTPS GET request on the path `/nodes` to receive a list of node details for all the nodes represented by the endpoint.
```

> There is no authentication for these operations, but the server **must** check if the request originates from within the LAN (see [LAN deployment check](#lan-deployment-check)). If it does not, the server **must** respond with HTTP status code 401. The server **must** accept requests with a self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: Clients do not use a certificate so there is nothing for the server to accept or not. Should be: "The client **must** accepts requests...."

## Pre-pairing interaction

> This section is only applicable for LAN-LAN pairing

> Once the end user has selected a responder node it wants the initiator node to pair with, the end user probably still has to retrieve the pairing code from the responder node. In order to improve the user experience, the initiator node can send a *prepare pairing* signal to the responder node. The responder node **may** use this signal to proactively show the pairing code in its user interface, for example in the form of a pop-up or notification. This saves the end user the trouble of searching where to find the pairing token in the user interface. It is also possible for the initiator node to send a *cancel prepare pairing* signal to the responder node, in case the end user has no longer selected the responder node it wants to pair with. Sending these signals **must** be implemented by the client, but only when there is a clear distinction between the moment the prepare pairing signal is sent and when the actual paring starts. The receiver of these signals **may** process these signals by showing the pairing token in its user interface. When the prepare pairing signal is sent, it is not guaranteed that a cancel prepare pairing or a pairing attempt will follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the end user has selected a responder node it wants the initiator node to pair with, the end user probably still has to retrieve the pairing code from the responder node. In order to improve the user experience, the initiator node can send a *prepare pairing* signal to the responder node. The responder node **may** use this signal to proactively show the pairing code in its user interface, for example in the form of a pop-up or notification. This saves the end user the trouble of searching where to find the pairing token in the user interface. It is also possible for the initiator node to send a *cancel prepare pairing* signal to the responder node, in case the end user has no longer selected the responder node it wants to pair with. Sending these signals **must** be implemented by the client, but only when there is a clear distinction between the moment the prepare pairing signal is sent and when the actual pairing starts. The receiver of these signals **may** process these signals by showing the pairing token in its user interface. When the prepare pairing signal is sent, it is not guaranteed that a cancel prepare pairing or a pairing attempt will follow.
```

These operations **must** be implemented by LAN deployed endpoints, but **must not** be implemented by WAN deployed endpoints. These operations can be used in the situation where the initiator node is the HTTPS client and the responder node is het HTTPS server (for the situation where it is the other way around see [Long-polling](#long-polling)).

> There is no authentication for these operations, but the server **must** check if the request originates from within the LAN (see [LAN deployment check](#lan-deployment-check)). If it does not, the server **must** respond with HTTP status code 401. The server **must** accept requests with a self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no authentication for these operations, but the server **must** check if the request originates from within the LAN (see [LAN deployment check](#lan-deployment-check)). If it does not, the server **must** respond with HTTP status code 401. The client **must** accept requests with a self-signed certificate.
```

> Before sending signals the HTTPS client **must** have selected the version on the pairing API that will be used (see [Selecting the version of the pairing or connection initiation API](#selecting-the-version-of-the-pairing-or-connection-initiation-api)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before sending signals the HTTPS client **must** have selected the version of the pairing API that will be used (see [Selecting the version of the pairing or connection initiation API](#selecting-the-version-of-the-pairing-or-connection-initiation-api)).
```

## Sending the prepare pairing signal

The client can send the prepare pairing signal to the server by sending an HTTPS POST request to the path `/preparePairing`. The client must perform the following checks before sending information:

| Check | How to proceed if check fails |
| --- | --- |

> | Check TLS certificate | Sending signal failed, do not proceed with sending signal |

Reviewer: It cannot verify the certificate because the challenge has not been completed. Do we already mention somewhere that this check is only to check if the certificate fingerprint is the same for all requests?

Author: We'll address this in another pull request
